# Senior-Design-SerDes-MUX-System-
Goal:
     To establish a data passageway so that the other three subsystems could communicate through my subsystem.
     
Requirements:
             1. Implement a modular HDL design in either Verilog or ABEL that will multiplex the bi-directional low-speed data connection  between Manual and Stage and the high-speed digital TV data connection into a single data stream. I have already implemented a modular HDL design using Verilog that can multiplex data from stage and digital TV. The flow chart is for the multiplex data part. It is logic about how to transmit data from digital TV or stage. It will check the system clock at the beginning, if it is at the positive edge, the system will begin to transmit data. If now the clock from stage is at the positive edge and the state is idle state, then it will begin to transmit stage’s data. But if the stage’s clock is at the positive edge but the state is not idle state, it means the TV’s data is transmitting. So the stage’s data will go into the buffer. As soon as the TV’s data transmitting finish, the stage’s data will transmit from buffer. If the clock from stage is not at the positive edge but the clock from TV is at the positive edge, it will begin to transmit TV’s data. Take my evidence as an example, I used 8 dip-switches to simulate the stage data, and 4 dip-switches to simulate the TV data. After improving my code for the CPLD, the system can realize the parallel data in and parallel data out. It is serial data during the transmitting progress. As you can see from the picture on my circuit, the number on the 8 dip-switches is 10101010. The result from oscilloscope is also 10101010.
             2. Serialize the multiplexed data streams and add in any necessary framing and clock recovery for suitable transmission over the twisted pair data lines and de-serialize at the other end. At the beginning, the input data will transmit from CPLD 1 to CPLD 2 as serial data using UART. For the framer part, when the transmission begins, it will add a 0 to the first bit of the digital TV data, and it will add a 1 to the first bit of the stage data. So when the data are received by the second MUX part, it will identify which data comes from digital TV and which data comes from stage.
             3. Interface the RS-422 line drivers to the twisted pairs to achieve transmission over the maximum cable lengths at least 60'


